content/services/premium-full-detail/description.md, before:

## Description

The most comprehensive service we offer. An all out interior and exterior detail designed to make your vehicle look and feel like brand new.

### Features
Includes everything from the [interior deep clean](/services/interior-deep-clean), and [exterior refresh](/services/exterior-refresh).

#### Exterior
- Wheels, and tires cleaned
- Wheel wells cleaned
- Hand washed
- Hand dried
- Paint decontaminated 
- Machine polished, and waxed
- Chrome polished
- Exterior windows cleaned
- Tires shined

#### Interior
- All crevices, and nooks cleaned out
- Carpet and upholstery vacuumed of debris
- Floor mats cleaned
- Carpet, and upholstery stains treated
- Vinyl, plastic, and leather cleaned
- Headliner stains treated
- Interior windows cleaned

### Upgrades
- 4 - 6 month paint sealant: $70 {{< tag type="is-primary" >}}Most Popular{{< /tag >}}
- Engine bay detail: $20 - $30
- Truck bed wash out: $30
- Ozone odor removal: $60 per session
- Glove box and center console compartment detail: $20
- Spare tire area detail: $20

{{< gallery dir="/images/services/premium-full-detail" caption-position="none" >}}

Commit message:

Refactor: Added blurb to indicate extra work can be added to each of the main three services

content/services/premium-full-detail/description.md, after:

## Description

The most comprehensive service we offer. An all out interior and exterior detail designed to make your vehicle look and feel like brand new. Depending on vehicle condition additional work such as pet hair removal, carpet extraction, sap removal, and more can be included.

### Features
Includes everything from the [interior deep clean](/services/interior-deep-clean), and [exterior refresh](/services/exterior-refresh).

#### Exterior
- Wheels, and tires cleaned
- Wheel wells cleaned
- Hand washed
- Hand dried
- Paint decontaminated 
- Machine polished, and waxed
- Chrome polished
- Exterior windows cleaned
- Tires shined

#### Interior
- All crevices, and nooks cleaned out
- Carpet and upholstery vacuumed of debris
- Floor mats cleaned
- Carpet, and upholstery stains treated
- Vinyl, plastic, and leather cleaned
- Headliner stains treated
- Interior windows cleaned

### Upgrades
- 4 - 6 month paint sealant: $70 {{< tag type="is-primary" >}}Most Popular{{< /tag >}}
- Engine bay detail: $20 - $30
- Truck bed wash out: $30
- Ozone odor removal: $60 per session
- Glove box and center console compartment detail: $20
- Spare tire area detail: $20

{{< gallery dir="/images/services/premium-full-detail" caption-position="none" >}}
