content/frequently-asked-questions.md, before:

+++ 
title = "Frequently Asked Questions" 
+++

## Do you accept credit cards?

Yup, we accept both credit cards, debit cards, cash and checks made out to "Ed's Auto Detailing". 

## How do I schedule an appointment?

Please give us a call, or send us an email if you'd like to schedule an appointment. We do our best to respond as soon as possible.

## What are your hours?

Ed's Auto Detailing doesn't have set hours as we schedule by appointment. Typically we are open Monday to Friday 8AM to 4PM with some variance in what time we close. We welcome anyone that wants to stop in and say hi.

## What do I need to do to prepare my vehicle?

Please empty out any personal belongings that are in the vehicle. Anything in the glove box, or center console compartment is fine but other locations such as the trunk, door pockets, and cargo areas should be empty. We do our best to return items to where they were prior to detailing but it can be difficult to remember exactly where everything went when there is a large number of them. 

## Can I drop off the night before or after hours?

You're welcome to drop off your vehicle anytime you'd like. We have a safe and secure key drop box in our front door that keys can be placed in if it's after hours.

## How do you quote details?

We quote based off the size, and the condition of the vehicle. Since it can be difficult to assess the condition of the vehicle over the phone we'll give you a price range of what the cost could be. Upon seeing the vehicle we can give an absolute amount and promise not to raise the price after completing the job. All quotes are valid for 30 days.

Commit message:

Feature: Mocked up interior services

content/frequently-asked-questions.md, after:

+++ 
title = "Frequently Asked Questions" 
+++

## How do you quote details?

We quote based off size, and condition of the vehicle. Since it can be difficult to assess the condition of the vehicle over the phone we'll give you a price range of what the cost could be. Upon seeing the vehicle we can give an absolute amount and promise not to raise the price after completing the job. All quotes are valid for 30 days.

## Do you accept credit cards?

Yup, we accept both credit cards, debit cards, cash and checks made out to "Ed's Auto Detailing". 

## How do I schedule an appointment?

Please give us a call, or send us an email if you'd like to schedule an appointment. We do our best to respond as soon as possible.

## What are your hours?

Ed's Auto Detailing doesn't have set hours as we schedule by appointment. Typically we are open Monday to Friday 8AM to 4PM with some variance in what time we close. We welcome anyone that wants to stop in and say hi.

## What do I need to do to prepare my vehicle?

Please empty out any personal belongings that are in the vehicle. Anything in the glove box, or center console compartment is fine but other locations such as the trunk, door pockets, and cargo areas should be empty. We try to return items to where they were prior to detailing but it can be difficult to remember exactly where everything went when there is a large number of them. 

## Can I drop off the night before or after hours?

You're welcome to drop off your vehicle anytime you'd like. We have a safe and secure key drop box in our front door that keys can be placed in after hours.

## Do you use any interior dressings or scents?

No, we promise not to shine up your interior or spray any scents as we strive to give every vehicle a natural clean look / smell.
